docs(ai-agents): Remove webhook automation trigger docs (#77999)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/ai-agents/admin/sessions.md

### Automation {#automation}

> An Automation session is one run of an automation. The session starts when you start a manual run or when its schedule fires, and ends when the automation finishes. Automations don't have a user in the loop, so their sessions are typically a sequence of tool calls and internal reasoning rather than a back-and-forth conversation.

Author: ```suggestion
An Automation session is one run of an automation. The session starts when you start a manual run or when scheduled, and ends when the automation finishes. Automations don't have a user in the loop, so their sessions are typically a sequence of tool calls and internal reasoning rather than a back-and-forth conversation.
```
